(JinSoul & Olivia Hye are very curious about how the stage looks like)
JinSoul: Shall we go to see the stage?
JinSoul: I'm nervous because I think the stage would be so big
JinSoul: Because the waiting room is bigger than I expected!
Olivia Hye: Where is the stage, then?
(The members on their way to stage)
(As expected, the large scale stage!)
Choerry: This is...
Choerry: the stage we will perform~
Choerry: Oh my...
Kim Lip: Oh my gosh~
Kim Lip: Very large!
Kim Lip: Really cool...
(The members saying hello to the staffs with courtsey!)
JinSoul: Wow~
Kim Lip: I guess they can't here us~
Choerry: It's super cool
Kim Lip: And the very loud sound!
(Accidentally, The three members of ODD EYE CIRCLE are here!)
Kim Lip: It seems like it's been a long time since we three stood like this~
Kim Lip: But I think you can't here...!
Kim Lip: Well... now you can here me....
(Such a perfect timing!)
Kim Lip: Anyway, all the members of ODD EYE CIRCLE stand here together for a long time~
JinSoul: The seats are very close to the stage
JinSoul: And I didn't expect it!
(LOOΠΔ members are so excited to meet the fans, Orbit!)
JinSoul: We will do like this!